kic: add section about events for cluster scoped resources (#7203)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/production/observability/events.md

{{site.kic_product_name}} creates one Event for each problem with a
resource, so you may see multiple Events for a single resource with different
messages. The message describes the reason the resource is invalid. In this
case, it's because gRPC routes cannot use HTTP methods.

### Events for cluster scoped resources

> Kubernetes Events are namespaced and created in the same namespace as the involved object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes events are namespaced and created in the same namespace as the involved object.
```

Author: 👍 I thought that using the name from the API - https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/cluster-resources/event-v1/ - would make sense but perhaps this is better (as it's also not using the code syntax).

> Cluster scoped objects are handled differently due to not being assigned to a particular namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cluster scoped objects are handled differently because they aren't assigned to a particular namespace.
```

> `kubectl` and Kubernetes libraries like `client-go`, assign `default` namespace to
> Events that involve cluster scoped resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`kubectl` and Kubernetes libraries, like `client-go`, assign the `default` namespace to
events that involve cluster scoped resources.
```

Assuming that you've defined the following `KongClusterPlugin` which has an incorrect schema:

```yaml
apiVersion: configuration.konghq.com/v1
kind: KongClusterPlugin
config:
  config:
    latency_metrics: true
metadata:
  annotations:
    kubernetes.io/ingress.class: kong
  labels:
    global: "true"
  name: prometheus
plugin: prometheus
```

> you can find the relevant Event in `default` namespace using the following `kubectl` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the relevant event in the `default` namespace using the following `kubectl` command:
```
